A phrase that never gets old around the Vogue office: \u201CIts always Fashion Week somewhere.\u201D While the main Fall 2019 shows in New York, London, Milan, and Paris feel like a distant memory, designers further east are staging shows to growing local and international audiences. This week, Russias established and emerging talents are presenting their latest collections in Moscow, and Style Du Mondes Acielle is on the ground to capture the best street style. For the most part, it still feels like winter in Moscow\u2014note the thick scarves and Dr. Martens boots. On the accessories front and beyond, were seeing a continuation of the trends that picked up steam in Europe, like bucket hats, head scarves, sharp tailoring, and zebra stripes. Mixed in are some seriously outthere looks, including one thats akin to a NASA space suit. While you wait for spring, scroll through Acielles latest photos, below.\r\nIts an understatement to say that fashions sharing economy has changed dramatically. Think back to just three years ago, and the concept of renting a dress\u2014likely after dozens of women had already rented and worn it\u2014felt revolutionary, but also a little . . . well, intimate. Who wants to share clothing with strangers? Despite the naysayers, the movement continued to pick up steam\u2014especially with working women outside of the fashion industry\u2014and in the past year alone, its really exploded. Now, were not just renting clothes, were buying them secondhand on sites like The RealReal, Depop, and ThredUp. For many of us, the \u201Cick\u201D factor of sharing with strangers has been assuaged, and in its place is a sense of pride. Not only does sharing or buying secondhand cost less money, but by extending the carbon footprint of the garments, its also better for the planet, too.\r\n\r\nSustainability wasnt necessarily on Trisha Gregorys mind when she launched Armarium with Alexandra Lind Rose in 2016. With a focus on eveningwear and highfashion pieces, its the rental service of choice for women with a dozen blacktie events on their calendars and girls who simply want to experiment with avantgarde runway pieces they wouldnt normally invest in. The fact that rental is a more sustainable form of consumption was simply icing on the cake. But in 2019, Gregory is hoping to join the sustainability conversation in a big way, starting with Armariums new popup, opening today on Melrose Avenue in Los Angeles. It brings Armariums glittering cache of arty Marni dresses, Brandon Maxwell jumpsuits, and Ronald van der Kemp ball skirts \u201Coffline\u201D so women on the West Coast can pick up something new for a Friday night dinner or, if they work in the entertainment industry, an upcoming awards show. \u201CIts mirroring that celebrity experience on the red carpet,\u201D Gregory says. \u201CThe tradition of celebrities borrowing dresses from houses [for awards shows] is sustainable\u2014theyre not buying dresses and never wearing them again after theyve been photographed. So we wanted to think about how we could democratize that for more women. If you need a new dress but you know youll only wear it once, [you can] rent it the way a celebrity would borrow something for the red carpet.\u201D\r\nIt's no secret that fashion has been slow embrace inclusivity and diversity, particularly the luxury brands. Runways typically feature a specific type of thin model, and research shows that designers producing size inclusive clothing has actually been decreasing. So, when Fendi showed its Fall 2020 collection in Milan on Thursday, we were pleasantly surprised to spot plussize model Paloma Elsesser. She walked alongside other famous models including Gigi Hadid and Kaia Gerber, strutting her stuff in a classic blazerlike dress and anklestrap heels.\r\n\r\nRELATED: Only One PlusSize Male Model Walked the Runway at New York Fashion Week: Mens\r\n\r\nIt was definitely a historic moment for the fashion house, but it wasn't completely out of left field. Elsesser did appear in a Fendi campaign back in 2018, and she's far from a newbie when it comes to catwalk. Recently, the model walked in shows for Eckhaus Latta and Ganni, but considering how behind the luxury market, a Fendi show is a big deal. We can only assume this is all part of Silvia Venturini new plan for the brand. She took over as creative director following Karl Lagerfeld's death last year.\r\nAnyone whos paying attention and not willfully burying their head in the sand is concerned about climate change. Its the great existential crisis of our time, forcing us to rethink our relationship with everything from where we live to what we eat and even to what we wear. Its clear that huge, highlevel changes must be made to create a more sustainable future, but when it comes to fashion, what that future would look like is a source of great debate. Some companies have agreed to make themselves greener, like when Kering \u2014 the parent company of luxury brands Gucci and Saint Laurent, among others \u2014 announced a comprehensive plan to both reduce its carbon output and offset what it cant avoid by paying carbon credits. And that seems like a wonderful start, but talk to a sustainability expert, and theyll say we need to completely reimagine our fashion cycle, from the creation of textiles all the way to how we stock our closets. While this idea sounds novel and, frankly, pretty hard to realize, theres already a model for more sustainable fashion in a surprising place: the world of couture.\r\n\r\nHaute couture, by the strict French standard, must follow certain rules to even be classified as such. For example, there has to be a certain amount of skilled employees who work at each atelier, pieces are madetoorder, and a specific number of items must be created each season. Each garment is made to last forever, is meticulously sourced, and the people creating it are trained in their field and often paid well for their work. In those ways, couture is the last vestige of an older model of clothes making, one that seems about as far removed from todays fast fashion cycle as butterchurning does to Instacart.\r\n\r\n\u201CI think the short of it is that the industry over the last 20 years has moved towards this industrialized mass produced model that produces way too much clothing and way too much waste,\u201D says Elizabeth L. Cline, author of Overdressed and The Conscious Closet. \u201CIt has a huge environmental impact, because clothing is a physical product that doesn't just appear magically: It requires natural resources, energy, water to create.\u201D But for an industry thats all about whats next, could looking to the past be the best way forward when it comes to sustainability?\r\nSure, we may be wishing for warmer weather at the moment (we're beyond done with 50degree days), but after New York Fashion Week, Fall 2020 has been on our minds. So many stunning designs graced the runway this year, and while seasonal staples, such as knits and combat boots, were still present, we also noticed a few standout trends we can't wait to incorporate into our wardrobe.\r\n\r\nSo, which styles stood out to us? Check out our list, ahead, then keep it in mind during your next shopping trip. You might even find similar stuff at your favorite vintage store.\r\nCouture is made by hand, for one customer, who will presumably cherish it and repair any damage (assuming they actually wear it) rather than throwing it out. By adopting that ethos throughout our own wardrobes, we can start to envision a cleaner future for fashion. And people who can make custom clothing for one consumer exist all over the country, not just in highend boutiques. \u201CThere's still people who custommake clothing, and I do believe that those smallscale models are the ones that we need to nurture a lot more in order to build a more sustainable fashion industry,\u201D says Cline. She envisions a sustainable industry as one made up of a higher percentage of these small, local creators, with the traditional industry going greener as it also becomes less integral to our shopping habits.\r\n\r\n\u201CI think from where we stand now, the idea of clothing being more expensive or fashion slowing down sounds sort of scary to us,\u201D she says. \u201CBut really, in the notsodistant past, clothes were more expensive and fashion was slower, and we were fine. I think it leaves more space for all of these other things that clothing can be about, whether it's cultivating a relationship with a tailor or dressmaker in your community, or even having a sewing circle or a mending circle.\u201D\r\n\r\nChanging our own habits may not feel particularly revolutionary, since individual consumers have a relatively small amount of power compared to multibillion dollar corporations. \u201CThe amount of information that we consume on a daily basis, it's completely overwhelming,\u201D says Kozlowski. \u201CI don't believe that it's the responsibility of the consumer to become experts in absolutely every consumer product to even make those better choices. The government should be regulating whats allowed to be sold.\u201D But in an industry as trendfocused as fashion, if enough customers push for a return to better clothing, the industry may be forced to cater to that demand.